[Proposal] Implicit member chains (#1152)
apple/swift-evolution: proposals/NNNN-implicit-member-chains.md

## Motivation

Today, attempting to use implicit member syntax with a chain of member references fails:

```swift
extension C {
    var incremented: C {
        return C(self.x + 1)
    }
}

f(.zero.incremented) // Error: Type of expression is ambiguous without more context
```

This error breaks the mental model that many users likely have for implicit member syntax, which boils down to a simple lexical omission of the type name in contexts where the type is clear. I.e., users expect that writing:

```swift
let one: C = .zero.incremented
```

is just the same as writing

```swift
let one = C.zero.incremented
```

This issue arises in practice with any type that offers "modifier" methods that vend updated instances according to some rule. For example, `UIColor` offers the `withAlphaComponent(_:)` modifier for constructing new colors, which cannot be used with implicit member syntax:

```swift
let milky: UIColor = .white.withAlphaComponent(0.5) // error
```

## Proposed solution

> Improve in order to be able to handle multiple chained member accesses. The type of the resulting expression would be constrained to match the contextual type. Under this proposal, all of the following would successfully typecheck:

Reviewer: Improve **???** in order to be able to handle multiple chained member accesses.

Author: ```suggestion
Improve implicit member expressions to handle multiple chained member accesses. The type of the resulting expression would be constrained to match the contextual type. Under this proposal, all of the following would successfully typecheck:
```
